Dad, are you here to save me?
You trash
What do I want you to do?
Kill the whole villa for me
Even if a Jedi is three feet away, you have to find a Tai Chi diagram
And Ye Feifan, that trash
You fucking kill him, kill him to avenge me
Don't worry.
Wait until I find him
I must kill him. Let's go
Wei Fan
You came at the right time today.
We have to get paid today.
The combination counts together
The pain I let you give me
Ten times a hundred times back to you
The infinite things of this world
Dad gave me a pestle
Ye Feifan, are you brave?
How dare you hit my son in front of me?
I didn't kill him.
Enough to give you face
Hahahaha
Crazy enough to be my son
You are determined to shut up for me
You don't deserve to be my father
Li Fan, I think you misunderstood me a little bit.
When your mother took you away from the industrialist
And here's the thing.
He actually stole my Ye family heirloom
Eunuch Li Zhenxian
You shut up
You have no right to accuse my mother
Ye Mirai
I know you misunderstand me.
As long as you hand it over
I can put you back on top.
The rest.
Let's take it slow